baddest yen now ask yourself really to
keep his cool he did an excellent job
throughout the whole conversation I
can't find any fault with him frankly uh
the audience really got restless and
he's got offended well they were really
challenged by this in a way they weren't
expecting to be challenged in this
conversation if there's a disaster some
people are running away from the
disaster and some people are running
toward it now why are they running
toward it yes in part it is simply
because they believe they can make a
positive difference they believe they
can try I don't want to be one of the
people running away but of course this
is only in small part due to the
possibility that I can make a positive
difference with many of these problems
the enormity of them is so great that
anyone can say as an objective fact
maybe I can't make any positive
difference or the positive difference I
can make is very very small whether
we're talking about vegan politics First
Nations value the most fundamental value
I have shaping this whole direction
this whole side of my character that
links me to both research and
humanitarian work and issues as diverse
as Cambodia and the Kree in a jib way in
Canada the most fundamental value I have
under this heading is of wanting to take
responsibility even if I can't there's
no way that I or you or anyone can take
responsibility for the history of the
British Empire and the terrible
decisions they made in how they've
handled Canada's indigenous people the
Cree the ageia the den a the Mohawk the
airflo okay
there's it's it's actually impossible
for me to take responsibility for that
but I want to it's impossible for me to
take responsibility in any sense for the
daily atrocity
the unbelievable moral obscenity of
factory farming we've had this cultural
development over hundreds of years that
led up to the current stainless steel
perfection of the meat and dairy
industry right there's no way I can take
responsibility for it but I want to and
I want you to as well I want you to try
ibonus yen
[Music]
ba Lu CL